---
layout: post
current: post
cover:  assets/images/tadaa.png
navigation: True
title: TaDaa
date: 2018-01-01 08:00:00
tags: [Games]
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
author: peacock
categories: games
---

Enjoy creating digital art with TaDaa adult coloring book. It is so easy to follow the color by numbers method you will soon be addicted! Create a digital masterpiece by filling the pixels in. It really makes you de-stress while having a lot of fun too!

You can complete many unique pictures in TaDaa adult coloring book, you just need to follow the numbers in the pixel boxes. You do not need to be good at art to paint something you would be proud to share with family & friends. Why not even paint together with them! Get away from the stress of life and complete a variety of fun and unique pictures. 

TaDaa adult coloring book is fun for adults and children alike! Also helps kids develop their motor skills. Choose from a variety of fun images from mandalas, animals, birds, flowers plus many more and follow the numbers to bring the pictures to life.

For support visit: <a href="https://www.facebook.com/TaDaa-Color-by-Number-Pixel-1725159624174994/">Tadaa Facebook Page</a>

--------------------------------------------

FEATURES 

- Suitable for both adults & kids
- Paint easily any image with a color by numbers method
- Share with family & friends
- The perfect way to relax and de-stress while having fun too!
- Helps develop child’s fine motor skills

-----------------------------------------------


USER REVIEWS

“Wow! This coloring app is truly amazing. The app is free and you can color a variety of things. My favorite to do is the mandalas. It's worth all of my spare time and it's very relaxing.” By Junaid

“This app is fantastic for anyone who likes color and being a little creative. I have health issues and this takes my mind off of problems, as I get immediate results from the picture I am working on.” 
By Heidi

Let’s fill the numbers in & create a digital masterpiece TODAY!

--------------------------------------------
